Add install instructions for MSI and offline (#1239)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-powershell: docs-conceptual/azps-1.8.0/install-az-ps-msi.md

To check your PowerShell version, run the command:

```powershell-interactive
$PSVersionTable.PSVersion
```

To use Azure PowerShell in PowerShell 5.1, you need to:

1. Update to [Windows PowerShell 5.1](/powershell/scripting/install/installing-windows-powershell#upgrading-existing-windows-powershell) if needed. If you're on Windows 10, you already
  have PowerShell 5.1 installed.
2. Install [.NET Framework 4.7.2 or later](/dotnet/framework/install).

## Install or update on Windows using the MSI Package

Azure PowerShell for Windows is installed using the MSI file available from
[GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/releases/tag/v1.8.0-April2019). If you have installed earlier
versions of Azure modules as an MSI, the installer automatically removes them. The MSI package installs
modules in `${env:ProgramFiles}\WindowsPowerShell\Modules`.

To start working with Azure PowerShell, sign in with your Azure credentials.

```powershell-interactive
# Connect to Azure with an interactive dialog for sign-in
Connect-AzAccount
```

> [!NOTE]
>
> If you've disabled module autoloading, you need to manually import the module with `Import-Module Az`. Because of

> > the way the module is structured, this can take a few seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the way the module is structured, this can take up to a minute.
```

Only reason for change is that it can take upto a minute to import the Az Module as the below screenshot shows
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6355225/67320194-c3cacc00-f505-11e9-99d3-ee9e1d24bfc9.png)
